Yes
in less than a week it became one
of the most listened tubes of the
planet
seven years after their last album the
daft punk robots make their comeback
world with this lucky get lucky single
that's the way he went out in the morning sense
in europe was number 1 in 55 countries and
the think in album understood how
can only listen that the title is number
one in 52 countries
this option the incredible and already
forty thousand downloads on
Internet
in France alone in just three
daaf days on this album we gather
a little casting of what is the
better in popular music they took
nile chic guitarist rodgers they have
taken plays well casabianca which is the
singer de strauss listening to this
album I asked myself as when
I listened gin and regulate wow I am
bluffed how did they do that the daft
punk 20 years of career
ten million records sold
the story of two French geniuses who
transforms the electronic music are
popular from Indonesia to the
tip of russia going through
Oceania is a global phenomenon
the daeppen of the kings of marketing sound
also they maintain the mystery with
brio to keep their breath in
millions of decryption fans that is hiding
behind the mask of daft punk who
are these two frenchies that make you dance
the whole world
paris this morning
here is one of the few places in the world
where the album is present kept with the
most minute precaution by michael bay
young general manager of the all
new daft punk record company
and so that's the case so
a lot of people because it is not
did we receive this briefcase by
airplane is not it last week
with the advantage code inside
that they are too much we find a box
black with the album is so there is
all the titles of the strokes of the song
absolutely
and for the moment nobody can
listen separately at home at xo de
to burn quite true that it happens
for all artists or his clans
vampire only joins the cult of
secret is the mark of daft punk
even the musicians who worked
with on the album as chilly gonzales
have been instructed to say the
less possible
you thought of it so that they are
not in time the robots there I have not the
right to talk about the album actually neither
my impressions I can talk about them
daft punk i can talk about the piano game
by classical influences in everything
our work but if we slow down the
radio silence
to create the buzz the group exel there is to
barely a month the canvas ignites
when the daft punk aired in
preview 15 small seconds of
their single the campaign promoting
this album started two months before his
exit which is completely unpublished 1
million euros in France alone
fashion jet marketing and campaign
display in 24 hours the daft punk
become the most tweeted topic at
world on the internet comments seals
the parodies the fans go wild
today it's true that
Internet users seize these
information to create new
that is, he lets loose loose punk punk
After a fifteen second
a user makes a piece that
lasts 10 minutes the breasts of dastum on
the best fans in the world because they
do everything themselves the group does not know
nothing and the rooms are all fans
acquired to their cause since that day of
1997 where this tube is this clip from
director michel gondry the catapults
at the top of a world glory
big banks the world propels them
a young of the world brothers and then that
the next album with one more time was
really a big planetary tube where he
really acquires this stature of
superstars like finally the music
popular in France has never known the
pop loves this stuff anymore has these
new b a mystery who are these tee
and but even a mystery to the point
that we can ask ourselves even sometimes
in their concerts and what they are there
is it him
behind the mask two Parisians from
of the montmartre district
thomas bangalter right and guy manual
from homem christo snapshots to face
discovered are rare predestined or not
the work of the duo paid they have
today managed to impose their
robotic universe and their crazy clip
if after seven years of absence the tent
around the daft punk is impressive
it is also because they have resisted
yet in the mid-2000s after
the immense success of discovery
it fails to fall into oblivion
Oh
try a kind of drying out your
felt the machines maybe arrive
so limit that line you is a bit like that
went round in search of inspiration they
will put nearly five years before
succeed in composing their album they go
try for a name to do the following
two of the first three albums all
electronics in the studio and then it does not
did not work they threw everything for
bounce
they will revolutionize their kind allies
to their electronic sounds of real
instruments
for now we have space was really
thomas eggimann of robots and then a
single shot they stop they summon
nile rodgers
but he summons everything a real
a rather formidable range of guests
the idea is a take people who
impressed them with offering them
to make a music of the future because that
remains a daft punk disk is still
a lot of synthesizers and there is a real
drummer and a real bassist and two
guitarists totally hunt
improbable in their casting of
luxury
they call again on the very sought
musicians chilly gonzales and asks him
to adapt with a traditional piano
their futuristic sounds and that gives that
m
here the song something about rise of
the discovery album
chilly gonzales tells us how he
was contacted by daft punk we got it
all had iphone at the time and we wait
that it sounds the bell sounds ring
you see the killer daf cicada is what
you are doing and you believe yourself
los angeles like me i did it ago
more than two years daaf as long as he
knew that I was rather a vehicle
in the sense that I'm a pianist before
everything and asked me to actually do
a kind of committee taken upside down
as if the whole lol piece of the album
discovery
as if their version was there remix
of an old titles the 70s that's it
concept in three days already 300 thousand
albums order on internet
more chic than ever the daft come back
by hedi slimane from the house
saint laurent officially
the album is released on May 21 it will be unveiled
fully four days before in
australia at a farm party the
robots will be shooting this event
atypical a new mystery that will hover
until the last moment